README.md, before:

# Django Dashboards

A curated list with **[Django Dashboards](https://medium.com/@appseed.us/django-dashboards-open-source-and-free-projects-1d8e64919e6d)** generated and actively supported by AppSeed. For newcomers, **Django** is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design. Built by experienced developers, it takes care of much of the hassle of Web development, so you can focus on writing your app without needing to reinvent the wheel. It’s free and open source.

<br />

## What is a Dashboard

A **dashboard** is a set of pages that are easy to read and offer information to the user in real-time regarding his business. A dashboard usually consists of graphical representations of the current status and trends within an organization. Having a well-designed dashboard will give you the possibility to act and make informed decisions based on the data that your business provides. 

<br />

## Latest product - [Datta Able Django](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-datta-able)

Open-Source **Django Dashboard** coded with basic modules, database, ORM and deployment scripts on top of Datta Able Design (free version), a modern Bootstrap 4 Admin template. Datta Able Bootstrap Lite is the most stylised Bootstrap 4 Lite Admin Template, around all other Lite/Free admin templates in the market. It comes with high feature-rich pages and components with fully developer-centric code. Before developing Datta Able our key points were performance and design.

- [Django Datta Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-datta-able) - Product page
- **[Django Datta Able PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro)** - Premium Version (more pages, components, LIVE Support)

<br />

![Django Datta Able - Open-Source Admin Panel Coded in Django.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/static/master/django-dashboard-dattaable/django-dashboard-dattaable-intro.gif)

<br />

### Want more? Go PRO! 

> Premium UI Kits, LIFETIME updates and 24/7 LIVE Support provided by experts via [Discord](https://discord.gg/fZC6hup).

| [Django Datta PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro) | [Django Material PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro) | [Django Volt PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [![Django Datta PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro) | [![Django Material PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-material-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-material-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro) | [![Django Volt PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-volt-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-volt-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro)

<br />

## [Django Dashboards](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django) - sorted by UI Kit provider

<br />

| Item | License | Demo | Sources |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Creative-Tim** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - Black Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-black) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-black.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-black) | **[Black PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-black-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Material Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-material.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-material) | **[Material PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Argon Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-argon.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-argon) | **[Argon PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Now UI Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-nowui) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-nowui.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-nowui) | **[Now UI PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-nowui-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Light Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-light.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-light) | **[Light PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-pro)**
| **CodedThemes** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - Datta Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-datta-able) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-datta-able.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-datta-able) | **[Datta Able PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Datta Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-datta-able) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-datta-able.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-datta-able) | **[Datta Dark PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-dark-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Gradient Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-gradient-able) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-gradient-able.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-gradient-able) | **[PRO Version](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-gradient-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Gradient Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-gradient-able) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-gradient-able.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-gradient-able) | **[PRO Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-gradient-dark-pro)**
| **Themesberg** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard Volt](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-volt-dashboard.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-volt) | **[Volt PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro)** 
| **BootstrapDash** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - Azia](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-azia) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-azia.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-azia)| **[Azia PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-azia-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Corona Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-corona-dark.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-corona-dark)| **[Corona PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Star Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-star-admin) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-star-admin.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-star-admin)| **[Star Admin PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Star Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-star-admin) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-star-admin.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-star-admin)| **[Star Black PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin-black-pro)**
| **ThemeKita** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - Atlantis Lite](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-atlantis.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-atlantis) | **[Atlantis Dark PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Atlantis Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-atlantis-dark.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark) | **[Atlantis Dark PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark-pro)**
| **ColorLib** |  |  |  |  |
**[Django Dashboard - AdminLTE](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-adminlte)** | [EULA](https://github.com/app-generator/license-eula) | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-adminlte.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-adminlte) | -
[Django Dashboard - Adminator Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-adminator) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-adminator.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-adminator) | -
| **Other Vendors** |  |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - CoreUI Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-coreui) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-coreui.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-coreui) | -
[Django Dashboard - Light Blue](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-blue) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-light-blue.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-light-blue) | -
[Django Dashboard - Tabler Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-tabler) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-tabler.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-tabler) | -
[Django Dashboard - Shards Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-shards) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-shards.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-shards) | -
[Django iDashboard Free](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-idashboard-free) | [CC BY 4.0](https://github.com/app-generator/flask-idashboard-free/blob/master/LICENSE.md) | [LIVE demo](https://django-idashboard-free.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-idashboard-free) | **[PRO Version](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-idashboard-pro)**
[Django Dashboard Sb Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-sb-admin) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-sb-admin.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-sb-admin) | - 

<br />

** Latest items dashboards - Full Index published hosted by AppSeed: [Django Dashboards](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django)

<br />

## [Django Dashboard Volt](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt)

Open-Source **Django Dashboard** coded with basic modules, database, ORM and deployment scripts on top of **[Volt Dashboard](https://docs.appseed.us/bootstrap-template/volt-dashboard/)** (free version), a modern Bootstrap dashboard design. Volt is a free and open source Bootstrap 5 Admin Dashboard featuring over 100 components, 11 example pages and 3 customized plugins. **Volt does not require jQuery** as a dependency meaning that every library and script's are jQuery free.

<br />

- [Django Dashboard Volt](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt) - product page
- **[Django Dashboard Volt PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Dashboard Volt - Template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-volt/master/media/django-dashboard-volt-screen-widgets.png)

<br />

## [Django Argon Dashboard](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon)

Argon Dashboard is built with over 100 individual components, giving you the freedom of choosing and combining. All components can take variations in color, that you can easily modify using SASS files. You will save a lot of time going from prototyping to full-functional code, because all elements are implemented. This Dashboard is coming with pre-built examples, so the development process is seamless, switching from our pages to the real website is very easy to be done. 

<br />

- [Django Dashboard Argon](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon?ref=gh) - product page
- **[Django Dashboard Argon PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon-pro) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Dashboard Argon - Template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-argon/master/media/django-dashboard-argon-screen.png)

<br />

## [Django Gradient Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-gradientable)

Gradient Able Free Bootstrap 4 Free/Lite Admin Template is a complete solution for your dashboard creation. The default layout version comes with limited options like Google optimized, font integration, high speed, mature & sophisticated, and extremely well-organized code which makes free Gradient Able a fully flexible solution for any backend application project.

<br />

- [Django Gradient Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-gradientable?ref=gh) - product page
- **[Django Gradient Able PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-gradient-pro?ref=gh) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Dashboard GradientAble - Template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-gradientable/master/media/django-dashboard-gradientable-screen.png)

<br />

## [Django Atlantis Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark)

Atlantis Lite is a free bootstrap 4 admin dashboard that is beautifully and elegantly designed to display various metrics, numbers or data visualization. Atlantis Lite admin dashboard has 2 layouts, many plugins and UI components to help developers create dashboards quickly and effectively so they can save development time and also help users to make the right and fast decisions based on existing data.

<br />

- [Django Atlantis Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark) - product page
- **[Django Atlantis Lite PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark-pro) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Atlantis Lite - Template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark/master/media/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark-screen-1.png)

<br />

## [Django Star Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin)

Open-Source **Django Dashboard** coded with basic modules, database, ORM and deployment scripts on top of **Star Admin** (free version), a modern Bootstrap dashboard design. Beautifully designed and well-coded admin template, that comes with excellent support from experts. One of the most popular free admin templates, Star Admin is a beautifully designed admin template with a lot of the polished Bootstrap components making up its dashboard and other pages.

<br />

- [Django Star Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin) - product page
- **[Django Star Admin PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin-pro) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Star Admin Django - Template project coded in Django with basic modules by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-staradmin/master/media/django-dashboard-staradmin-screen.png)

<br />

## [Django Corona Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark) 

Corona Dark Free admin template has beautiful typography, crisp design, and neatly designed dashboards. It combines colors that are easy on the eye, spacious cards, beautiful typography, and graphics.

<br />

- [Django Corona Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark) - product page
- **[Django Corona Dark PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Dashboard Corona Dark - Open-Source template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-corona-dark/master/media/django-dashboard-corona-dark-screen.png)

<br />

---
[Django Dashboards](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django) - Provided by **AppSeed** [App Generator](https://appseed.us/app-generator).

Commit message:

README - Update Top Products
- Datta Able - NEW product
- Argon Dashboard - Most Downloaded

README.md, after:

# Django Dashboards

A curated list with **[Django Dashboards](https://medium.com/@appseed.us/django-dashboards-open-source-and-free-projects-1d8e64919e6d)** generated and actively supported by AppSeed. For newcomers, **Django** is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design. Built by experienced developers, it takes care of much of the hassle of Web development, so you can focus on writing your app without needing to reinvent the wheel. It’s free and open source. A **dashboard** is a set of pages that are easy to read and offer information to the user in real-time regarding his business. An **admin dashboard** usually consists of graphical representations of the current status and trends within an organization. Having a well-designed dashboard will give you the possibility to act and make informed decisions based on the data that your business provides. 

<br />

### Latest product: [Datta Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-datta-able)

Open-Source **Django Dashboard** coded with basic modules, database, ORM and deployment scripts on top of Datta Able Design (free version), a modern Bootstrap 4 Admin template. Datta Able Bootstrap Lite is the most stylised Bootstrap 4 Lite Admin Template, around all other Lite/Free admin templates in the market. It comes with high feature-rich pages and components with fully developer-centric code. Before developing Datta Able our key points were performance and design.

- [Django Datta Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-datta-able) - Product page
- [Datta Able Django Demo](https://django-datta-able.appseed-srv1.com/) - LIVE Deployment

<br />

![Django Datta Able - Open-Source Admin Panel Coded in Django.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/static/master/django-dashboard-dattaable/django-dashboard-dattaable-intro.gif)

<br />

### Most Downloaded: [Argon Dashboard](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon)

Argon Dashboard is built with over 100 individual components, giving you the freedom of choosing and combining. All components can take variations in color, that you can easily modify using SASS files. You will save a lot of time going from prototyping to full-functional code, because all elements are implemented. This Dashboard is coming with pre-built examples, so the development process is seamless, switching from our pages to the real website is very easy to be done. 

<br />

- [Django Dashboard Argon](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon?ref=gh) - product page
- [Django Dashboard Argon Demo](https://django-argon-dashboard.appseed-srv1.com/) - LIVE deployment

<br />

![Django Dashboard Argon - Template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-argon/master/media/django-dashboard-argon-screen.png)

<br />

### Want more? Go PRO! 

> Premium UI Kits, LIFETIME updates and 24/7 LIVE Support provided by experts via [Discord](https://discord.gg/fZC6hup).

| [Django Datta PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro) | [Django Material PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro) | [Django Volt PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [![Django Datta PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro) | [![Django Material PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-material-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-material-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro) | [![Django Volt PRO](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-volt-pro/master/media/django-dashboard-volt-pro-screen.png)](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro)

<br />

## [Django Dashboards](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django) - sorted by UI Kit provider

<br />

| Item | License | Demo | Sources |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Creative-Tim** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - Black Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-black) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-black.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-black) | **[Black PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-black-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Material Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-material.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-material) | **[Material PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-material-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Argon Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-argon.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-argon) | **[Argon PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-argon-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Now UI Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-nowui) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-nowui.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-nowui) | **[Now UI PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-nowui-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Light Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-light.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-light) | **[Light PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-pro)**
| **CodedThemes** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - Datta Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-datta-able) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-datta-able.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-datta-able) | **[Datta Able PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Datta Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-datta-able) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-datta-able.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-datta-able) | **[Datta Dark PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-dattaable-dark-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Gradient Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-gradient-able) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-gradient-able.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-gradient-able) | **[PRO Version](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-gradient-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Gradient Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-gradient-able) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-gradient-able.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-gradient-able) | **[PRO Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-gradient-dark-pro)**
| **Themesberg** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard Volt](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-volt-dashboard.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-volt) | **[Volt PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro)** 
| **BootstrapDash** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - Azia](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-azia) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-azia.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-azia)| **[Azia PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-azia-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Corona Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-corona-dark.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-corona-dark)| **[Corona PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Star Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-star-admin) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-star-admin.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-star-admin)| **[Star Admin PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Star Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-star-admin) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-star-admin.appseed-srv1.com/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-star-admin)| **[Star Black PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin-black-pro)**
| **ThemeKita** |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - Atlantis Lite](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-atlantis.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-atlantis) | **[Atlantis Dark PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark-pro)**
[Django Dashboard - Atlantis Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-atlantis-dark.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark) | **[Atlantis Dark PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark-pro)**
| **ColorLib** |  |  |  |  |
**[Django Dashboard - AdminLTE](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-adminlte)** | [EULA](https://github.com/app-generator/license-eula) | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-adminlte.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-adminlte) | -
[Django Dashboard - Adminator Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-adminator) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-adminator.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-adminator) | -
| **Other Vendors** |  |  |  |  |  |
[Django Dashboard - CoreUI Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-coreui) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-coreui.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-coreui) | -
[Django Dashboard - Light Blue](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-light-blue) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-light-blue.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-light-blue) | -
[Django Dashboard - Tabler Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-tabler) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-tabler.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-tabler) | -
[Django Dashboard - Shards Design](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-shards) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-shards.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-shards) | -
[Django iDashboard Free](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-idashboard-free) | [CC BY 4.0](https://github.com/app-generator/flask-idashboard-free/blob/master/LICENSE.md) | [LIVE demo](https://django-idashboard-free.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-idashboard-free) | **[PRO Version](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-idashboard-pro)**
[Django Dashboard Sb Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-sb-admin) | MIT | [LIVE demo](https://django-dashboard-sb-admin.appseed.us/) | [source code](https://github.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-sb-admin) | - 

<br />

** Latest items dashboards - Full Index published hosted by AppSeed: [Django Dashboards](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django)

<br />

## [Django Dashboard Volt](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt)

Open-Source **Django Dashboard** coded with basic modules, database, ORM and deployment scripts on top of **[Volt Dashboard](https://docs.appseed.us/bootstrap-template/volt-dashboard/)** (free version), a modern Bootstrap dashboard design. Volt is a free and open source Bootstrap 5 Admin Dashboard featuring over 100 components, 11 example pages and 3 customized plugins. **Volt does not require jQuery** as a dependency meaning that every library and script's are jQuery free.

<br />

- [Django Dashboard Volt](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt) - product page
- **[Django Dashboard Volt PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-volt-pro) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Dashboard Volt - Template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-volt/master/media/django-dashboard-volt-screen-widgets.png)

<br />

## [Django Gradient Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-gradient-able)

Gradient Able Free Bootstrap 4 Free/Lite Admin Template is a complete solution for your dashboard creation. The default layout version comes with limited options like Google optimized, font integration, high speed, mature & sophisticated, and extremely well-organized code which makes free Gradient Able a fully flexible solution for any backend application project.

<br />

- [Django Gradient Able](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-gradient-able) - product page
- **[Django Gradient Able PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-gradient-pro) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Dashboard GradientAble - Template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-gradientable/master/media/django-dashboard-gradientable-screen.png)

<br />

## [Django Atlantis Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark)

Atlantis Lite is a free bootstrap 4 admin dashboard that is beautifully and elegantly designed to display various metrics, numbers or data visualization. Atlantis Lite admin dashboard has 2 layouts, many plugins and UI components to help developers create dashboards quickly and effectively so they can save development time and also help users to make the right and fast decisions based on existing data.

<br />

- [Django Atlantis Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark) - product page
- **[Django Atlantis Lite PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark-pro) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Atlantis Lite - Template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark/master/media/django-dashboard-atlantis-dark-screen-1.png)

<br />

## [Django Star Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin)

Open-Source **Django Dashboard** coded with basic modules, database, ORM and deployment scripts on top of **Star Admin** (free version), a modern Bootstrap dashboard design. Beautifully designed and well-coded admin template, that comes with excellent support from experts. One of the most popular free admin templates, Star Admin is a beautifully designed admin template with a lot of the polished Bootstrap components making up its dashboard and other pages.

<br />

- [Django Star Admin](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin) - product page
- **[Django Star Admin PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-staradmin-pro) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Star Admin Django - Template project coded in Django with basic modules by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-staradmin/master/media/django-dashboard-staradmin-screen.png)

<br />

## [Django Corona Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark) 

Corona Dark Free admin template has beautiful typography, crisp design, and neatly designed dashboards. It combines colors that are easy on the eye, spacious cards, beautiful typography, and graphics.

<br />

- [Django Corona Dark](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark) - product page
- **[Django Corona Dark PRO](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django-dashboard-corona-dark) - more pages, components**

<br />

![Django Dashboard Corona Dark - Open-Source template project provided by AppSeed.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/app-generator/django-dashboard-corona-dark/master/media/django-dashboard-corona-dark-screen.png)

<br />

---
[Django Dashboards](https://appseed.us/admin-dashboards/django) - Provided by **AppSeed** [App Generator](https://appseed.us/app-generator).
